This is a small project I've made while learning Python as part of a Data Science course.
This project was meant to practice our OOP capabalities with Python as well as working 
with two types of databases - SQL and No-SQL. Specifically, we used Microsoft's SQL-Server 
and MongoDB.

This project uses a command-line UI.
The project requires either of the databases mentioned installed on the local machine, or 
a connection to a remote server with one of them installed.
The name of the server must be manually changed.

NOTE: This is a learning project and not meant to be run by anyone but me, but feel free to 
clone and test it if you like.

Here are the instructions for the project:

In this project, you will build a Trivia game application. To implement this project, you’ll use
Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, SQL server and MongoDB.

Database description

The system should have a database for storing the trivia questions.
Each trivia question has the following fields:
    1. Category, e.g., Science & Nature, Sports, Computers, etc.
    2. Difficulty – Easy, Medium or Hard
    3. Type of question – Multiple Choice or True/False.
For each question, you need to store the list of incorrect answers, and the correct answer.
In addition, you should store a list of users, and keep track which questions were answered
correctly by each user.

System functionality

The system has two modes of operations: normal and admin.
The mode of operation is determined by a command line argument named mode. If no
argument is given, the default mode should be normal.

In normal mode, a user plays the Trivia game using the questions stored in the database.
First, the user should enter his name, and then he/she should choose:
    1. Category of questions
    2. Difficulty level (Easy, Medium, Hard)
    3. Number of questions
Then the system should present to the user random Trivia questions from the database
according to his/her choices. When the game finishes, the system should show to the user how
many questions he/she answered correctly. In addition, the system should store for each
question whether the user answered it correctly or not.

In admin mode, you should display an administrative menu, with the following options:
    1. Add/remove a category (removing a category should delete all the questions from that
category).
    2. Add a trivia question. Ask the admin to choose the question’s category from the list of categories, the type of question (multiple choice or True/False), its difficulty level, and then the text of the question itself and its possible answers.
    3. Load questions into the database from the Open Trivia Database (see below).
    4. Get game statistics. In this option, the admin will be able to choose one of the following tables/graphs:
        a) A bar plot that shows the number of correct/incorrect answers received in each category.
        b) A bar plot that shows the number of correct/incorrect answers received in each difficulty level.
        c) A table that shows the three users with the highest scores. For each users, show its name, number of correct answers, and number of incorrect answers.